Lower City Lord, why are you here?
Mr. Lin, I have the key to find you.
Come with me
City Lord, Mingming and I
There's something urgent to do
can't can't
No matter how urgent your matter is, I still have to worry about it.
Why not?
Let's stop making trouble now, right?
Since the Lord of the Lower City has something urgent to do, he wants to see me.
Then I'll go with you
Oh, you
Oh, you will be such a bastard from now on
There must be a lot of beauties out there
Hum, I must prove it to them
I am the best
No one can take you away
If you have any questions about the outcome, just tell them directly.
To tell you the truth
Jiangcheng business community
There is already a major economic crisis
It’s a shame that Jiangcheng’s business community has long been filled with Fan Jinhu
Making a feud like this between a lowly father and his son
They are doing it for their own selfish reasons
Forced introduction of foreign companies
Who knows
These foreign companies bought out the skeleton of Jiangcheng
Now
All of Beijing is facing bankruptcy
But people like me, the scoundrel father and son,
It's so shameless
Mr. Lin is here to see you this time.
I want you to help me improve my family.
Please bring out these weapons
Let me help you
This will cost a lot of money, right?
Start by saying why do you think I will help you?
What is this for?
Just because you’re not helping others
City Lord, why are you here?
Mr. Lin, I have the key to find you.
Come with me.
City Lord, Mingming and I
Something urgent to do
No, no.
No matter how urgent your business is, you can have mine
Hey, why not?
Okay, let's stop making trouble
Since the city lord has something urgent to find me
Then I will accompany you on a trip.
Oops you
Ah, you will be such a jerk in the future
There must be a lot of beautiful women out there
Hmph, I have to prove it to them
I am the best
No one can take you away
If you have anything to say next, just say it directly
To tell you the truth
Jiangcheng business community
We have a major economic crisis.
Hateful Jiangcheng business community has long been filled with Fan Jinhu
Making a feud like a cheap father and son
They are out of self-interest
Forcibly introducing foreign companies
Who knows
These foreign companies bought out the skeleton of Jiangcheng
Now.
Beijing is facing bankruptcy
But I am a bunch of cheap father and son
So shameless
Mr. Lin is looking for you this time
I want you to help me raise my future family
Please remove these weapons
Let me help you.
Isn't that going to cost a lot of money?
Go ahead and say what makes you think I will help you?
What are you doing?
Just because you are not helping others